---
layout: post
title:  "Trying out East Asian fonts"
date:   2021-11-23 10:41:57
author: "Alan W"
categories: internet technology text
---
Nice looking text is essential for nice looking websites. One issue with many
modern websites (including social media platforms like Facebook) is that they're
optimized for displaying just one language&mdash;for example English for
Americans or traditional Chinese characters for Taiwanese users.

Users of East Asian languages and users of Western languages often make use of
different technologies, such as web browsers and chatting software. This is
particularly the case with mainland China. The relationship is mutual; the
"Great Firewall of China" means many web services from the West are blocked
in China. Conversely, many Chinese web services require Chinese credentials
(such as a Chinese phone number) to register.

Connecting East Asia the West
-----------------------------

We already have the web technologies to make excellent multi-lingual websites.

### Making use of HTML language tags

One way to increase the chances that East Asian Languages are displayed
correctly is to explicity set the `lang` attribute, rather than relying on
user's browsers to have appropriate defaults.
Read more on [Alan's
page](https://captainalan.github.io/language-and-linguistics/technology.html)
on technology and languages.

HTML source:

```html
<div lang="ja">東アジア研究所へようこそ</div>
<div lang="ko">동아시아 연구소에 환영합니다!</div>
<div lang="zh-sc">欢迎光临来到东亚洲研究所</div>
```

Result: 

> <div lang="ja">東アジア研究所へようこそ</div>
> <div lang="ko">동아시아 연구소에 환영합니다!</div>
> <div lang="zh-sc">欢迎光临来到东亚洲研究所</div> 


Unfortunately, most popular social media websites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter)
*don't* allow you to specify the language attribute. So using multiple
languages in the same post can mean many characters don't get displayed
correctly!

Compared with a carefully typeset book, the Internet often looks horrible!
But, it doesn't have to be this way.  Here's one place where traditional
"static" web content can win over the conveniences of social media. For
carefully presenting information in an aesthetically pleasing way, there is no
substitute for doing things the slow, manual way.  Indeed, many people become
interested in East Asia through *beauty* of traditional arts and crafts.
